Now we have our Shoki.
OK, so we have our showcase ending graphic that we just exported out of AfterEffects, and now we're
going to drag it in, pull it into our editing software.
And we're going to go to the end of our video and we're going to drag it in our timeline.
And here we go.
Let's check it out.
OK, great.
So it just needs a little bit of a fade in and fade out, but I love it.
Now, the other thing with some of these templates is sometimes, you know, you don't want to use all
of it just because you explored the whole template.
Doesn't mean you need to use all of the beginning of it or all of the end of it.
I'm not a huge fan of all of this, like flippy lion spinning around stuff.
I'm OK with this second one.
But this first one, it doesn't really do a whole lot for me.
So personally, I'm going to start the fade in during the second lion flippy thing.
And I want to make it all the way faded in before just before this text comes in.
So I'm going to do the fade in and let's just see how that looks.
OK, so first off, we can extend this outro so we're not cutting off the music and I think this fading.
Let's see it.
Let's actually put our lie in below our footage so that it comes from underneath.
Yeah.
OK.
OK, now let's do a simple fade out, it's already got a really nice blur to it, so the image already
kind of does the blur, which is perfect because that matches the styling of the rest of our graphics.
OK.
Cool, let's watch that back one more time.
Perfect.
So I'm loving that.
Now, if we weren't happy with I love the amount of detail that this has, so I personally feel like
it needs anything.
But, you know, if we wanted to, let's say, change a little bit, you know, you can add a color
correction, layer a sharpening layer, whatever you want to motion graphics just the same exact way
as you can do it to footage.
So if I wanted to tan it up, if I wanted to make it more blue, if I wanted to bring up the highlights
more, if I wanted to make it more contrasted, if I wanted to add a vignette on the outside of the
image.
Right.
You can do all the things that you would normally do to other footage, to your title cards.
I could sharpen it up to create a little bit more of a crispiness.
I could add a faded look to it.
So it looked more of like a vintage kind of logo.
By bringing out the grays in the image.
So there it's kind of softer, more old fashioned looking.
I don't think it matches for this specific style, but there's a lot of options.
You can do is a lot of different things you can do.
Now, one last filter that we can also add is we can invert any text that you're using.
For example, let's say we weren't happy with the white font.
We could easily go to our effect's tab.
Go to invert and drag that onto our text.
That's going to invert any color.
So it's going to make white, black.
It's going to make black, white.
It'll make red, blue.
So if I dropped it onto an actual piece of footage, you see all the dark parts of the image are now
white.
All the tan parts of the image are now a bluish kind of as a cool ghost look.
But that's how we're going for here.
But for example, this is a lot of a white background with a little bit of dark text and a logo.
If I drop this on, it's going to make a black background with white text and a white logo, which kind
of matches with the white text in the rest of the project.
Right.
So if I go and hit play.
It
doesn't look super professional for this kind of project, but I have definitely use that in the past
and it's worked really well for specific types of text and overlays.
So that's just a little bit of a protip man.
We got lost on our pro tips.
Put up the protip right now.
OK, great, so yeah, that's one of the last pro tips that I want to share with you.
For using one of these motion graphics.
So just in about 20 minutes together, we created this super professional, high end looking motion
graphic.